>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so on the left hand
side right now I'm using Sublime, and
on the left hand side it
lists all of my Sass files.
I have two files right here which
are basically my entire application.
And it says very simply, declares
the language, here's my presentation,
here's the deck_functionality,
here's the buttons,
here's a slide, here's a heading,
here's content.
When I have a definition list,
>> Estelle Weyl: In
this deck I have a definition list, so
I want to include my definition list.
And I have also objects which
is I'm calling to some elements,
I'm calling the object element, and
I wanna style those a certain way.
And then on the slide call grid lines, and
I wanna import this for this deck only.
So each deck I basically am
using the all the same Sass
files here, but
I'm using a different variables file.
So actually in here it should say,
import "variables".
So for each deck I have
a different variables file,
which is where I declare all my colors.
And then I very small Sass modules
where I just declare
the functionality on one thing.
So let's open buttons.
>> Estelle Weyl: I have a next button and
a previous button.
>> Estelle Weyl: And
these are the only two buttons
that I have in the entire deck.
And all of my decks almost have them,
except for you saw that there
were ones that had buttons on left and
right and ones that had arrows.
S I changed it at some point to a triangle
rather, and this is the triangle one.
So when I decided that I really didn't
like those two buttons anymore and
I wanted triangles in the upper corner,
all I had to do was get rid of one _button
SCSS file and put another one in and
I didn't have to touch anything else.
And then I gave it the color of
color pop and inverted text.
So the background is color pop and
the color is inverted text.
So when you saw that I
had different decks,
they all look kind the same they
just have different color schemes.
All I did was change out
the variables file and
have ten different colors declared and
the whole look of field changed.
But in this one,
I have this thing called grid lines.
And if you did the grid section,
there was a page where it had a four
by four grid lines with
three blue grid cells.
And so that thing is in CSS but
it's only used by one of my talks,
one section.
So there's no reason to pull
it into all the sections.
So the style CSS pulls it in, but
none of the other ones pull it in.
And if we take a look at
that grid lines right here,
it's basically, grid lines is
the name of the class of the parent.
And then inside the div,
that's the direct child, is 460 pixels.
And I justify the content, and I actually
use display flex instead of grid because
I'm more comfortable with flex box than
I am with grid cuz I wrote a book on it.
And I'm using the colors of the page,
the alert and the color pop.
So if I actually were to
change the color scheme for
this grid section,
I wouldn't even have to update this.
So what you'll note that I'm
doing is I have very short,
very, very short, Sass files and
I have a lot of them.
>> Estelle Weyl: Definition
list is how I did my definition list.
I didn't even use nesting on this
one because I pulled it from
code that was all ready produced,
but it's ten lines long.
If I don't have a definition list
I don't include this in my Sass
file until I include a definition list.
>> Estelle Weyl: So
it's not that I'm using Sass for
any of the functions.
The reason I'm showing you this
is how I'm ordering my code.
So if I have a group of people
working on a section of a website,
they all need the same header, and
they all need the same footer, and
they all need the page layout the same.
But only one group has the finance widget.
So they can include all the same shell and
then they can include the finance widget,
and all they have to do is
pull in the finance Sass file
which might have 12 sub Sass files.
And when they decide that they're
no longer gonna do five year,
it's a finance widget so look at the last
day, last five days, last month,
last two years, last five years.
We are not doing five years anymore and
we are not doing two years anymore.
They can just cut out the multi year
functionality and change that one thing.
And it will go all the way up the chain,
right.
You only have to change
it at one location.
So I'm not telling you what classes
names to use, though I think it's much
very important to use something that has
a functionality, like you saw color pop.
It didn't say the red in the corners,
it said color pop,
which is the popping color for that deck.
Inverted text,
I have the main colored text and
then I have an inverted text when you
have dark on light versus light on dark.
By keeping it modular like this, when I
remove a slide I just remove the moldule.
All I do is go into my styles.css.
If I were to remove guideline from
the deck, I would just do that.
And I've just lost 20 lines of CSS,
which isn't much, but
when you start having legacy
objects that are no longer there.
And all the names are basically
the functionality of that Sass file,
it's exactly what it does.
The variables are just variables, the
presentation is the overall presentation.
The functionality is what
makes it go right to left.
That stuff that goes with the JavaScript.
The slide is the individual slide.
The heading is the heading for
the whole document.
The content is the content for
the whole document, definition list, or
print style sheet.
And it's not really a print style sheet,
it's the at media print.
It gets rid of the stuff
that I don't want to print.
And then object and grid lines.
So just the simplicity of modulizing it,
and that's kind of what I wanted to cover.